README.md, before:

# Weather2-Remastered
The decent update of the Weather2 mod by Corosus!
(Totally did not accidentally overwrite all of my files, sorry for the badly written readme)

Please visit https://github.com/Corosauce/weather2 as he is the original creator of this mod.

## Dependencies
- Requires Coroutil

## Questions? Suggestions? Bugs?
You can report any of these in the Issues tab, and/or place your questions and suggestions in the Discussions tab.

## How To Get The Mod
Head to the releases tab on the right and grab the version of the mod you want. Don't download the sources.jar file unless you want to add support to your mod. Make sure to install Coroutil to play with this mod.

##  How To Build (Eclipse)
- Requires MrCrayfish's Vehicle Mod
- Requires Obfuscate
- Requires Coroutil
- Place these mods in the libs folder (Create the folder in your project folder if it doesn't exist)
- run "gradlew setupDecompWorkspace eclipse"

## Supported Mods
These mods are supported by Weather2 Remaster by default
- MrCrayfish's Vehicle Mod - Vehicles get picked up

*Please note that this is a fan update and I take no credit for anything Corosus has created.*

Commit message:

Port build setup to Forge 1.20.1

README.md, after:

# Weather2-Remastered
The decent update of the Weather2 mod by Corosus.

Please visit https://github.com/Corosauce/weather2 as he is the original creator of this mod.

## Current Target
- Minecraft: **1.20.1**
- Loader: **Forge 47.x**
- Java: **17**

## Dependencies
- Coroutil (Forge 1.20.1 build)

> The Gradle build is preconfigured to pull Coroutil from CurseMaven. Set the correct file id in `gradle.properties` (`coroutil_file_id`) for the specific Coroutil 1.20.1 jar you want.

## Questions? Suggestions? Bugs?
You can report any of these in the Issues tab, and/or place your questions and suggestions in the Discussions tab.

## How To Get The Mod
Head to the releases tab on the right and grab the version of the mod you want. Don't download the sources jar unless you want to add support to your mod. Make sure to install Coroutil to play with this mod.

## How To Build
```bash
./gradlew build
```

## Supported Mods
These mods are supported by Weather2 Remaster by default:
- MrCrayfish's Vehicle Mod - Vehicles get picked up

*Please note that this is a fan update and I take no credit for anything Corosus has created.*
